For  the last 45 years,
I’ve been in the pioneer work,
traveling work,
and in Bethel here
for a number of years.
My health was very good
—never had any problems at all.
One day, I had a headache.
It was severe.
I really couldn’t see clearly—anything.
We went to the Bethel doctor,
and he referred us to a specialist,
and the specialist
gave us the diagnosis
of a very aggressive brain tumor
called glioblastoma.
He had surgery the next Thursday.
Then, after surgery, he had radiation
and chemotherapy at the same time.
A year later, he had to have another surgery.
And right now he is on his fourth type
of chemotherapy treatment.
From the very first time that he got sick,
the hardest thing
was to see my husband
become increasingly dependent
upon me and upon other people.
I didn’t want this
to define who we are.
The brothers played a pivotal role
and tried to help us.
One brother found out
that I had to go in for surgery.
He gave me a scripture,
and we prayed together.
I’ll always remember that.
It was a beautiful example.
I also get a lot
of encouragement from Sara,
who gets us prepared for meetings.
When we go out in service,
I’ve gotten the opportunity
to go and help people
—just talk to them
and encourage them.
In my Bethel assignment
in the Service Department,
I have a brother or two
who will come over and review a case
that we’re considering,
and I get a lot of joy in that way.
I’m very thankful that I
can still do a little something
to help.
For me,
because he’s been humble
through this whole thing, it’s been easier.
My hope is strong, and I’m going to keep
right on going this way
and serve Jehovah
right on into the new world
or whatever comes.